---
subcategory: "TaurusDB"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_taurusdb_instance_database_batch_upgrade"
description: |-
  Use this resource to upgrade minor versions of TaurusDB instances in batches within HuaweiCloud.
---

# huaweicloud_taurusdb_instance_database_batch_upgrade

Use this resource to upgrade minor versions of TaurusDB instances in batches within HuaweiCloud.

-> This resource is a one-time action resource for upgrading minor versions of instances in batches. Deleting this
   resource will not clear the corresponding request record, but will only remove the resource information from
   the tfstate file.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "databases_instance_infos" {
  type = list(object({
    instance_id     = string
    current_version = string
  }))
}

resource "huaweicloud_taurusdb_instance_database_batch_upgrade" "test" {
  dynamic "databases_instance_infos" {
    for_each = var.databases_instance_infos

    content {
      instance_id     = databases_instance_infos.value.instance_id
      current_version = databases_instance_infos.value.current_version
    }
  }

  delay = false
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region in which to create the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used. Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `databases_instance_infos` - (Required, List, NonUpdatable) Specifies the list of instances to be upgraded in batches.
  The [databases_instance_infos](#databases_instance_infos_struct) structure is documented below.

* `delay` - (Required, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies whether to delay the upgrade.
  The valid values are as follows:
  + **true**: The upgrade will be delayed.
  + **false**: The upgrade will not be delayed.

<a id="databases_instance_infos_struct"></a>
The `databases_instance_infos` block supports:

* `instance_id` - (Required, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the TaurusDB instance ID.

* `current_version` - (Required, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the current kernel version of the instance.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID. The value is a UUID generated by the system.
